Guten Morgen,
anbei die Steuerbescheide. Sie sind in Ordnung und entsprechen nun den eingereichten Steuererklärungen.
Das Guthaben wird Ihnen erstattet; bitte achten Sie auf den Zahlungseingang.
Mit besten Grüßen
Kavin Kumar Krishnamurthy
we are having issue with our
subscribers Ilangowrites
If you would like to unsubscribe, please
use this link
Re your message. click here
Unsubsrcibe From Mailing List
There's a small issue, Angela
Hi Angela, unfortunately, after we have nominated the winners from our sweepstake, we realized that there is an issue related for your order. Please update your shipping information within hours, to ensure your free order will be shipped still today.
Hi do you remember me?
Delivery Status:
Confirmation Pending
Shipping Contractor:
UPS
Order destination:
Angela Baggett
A parcel containing your exclusive Samsung Galaxy will be sent to you very soon. If you now want to receive your new phone, please confirm your delivery information.
Confirm Here
Content of your order
Order nr Baggett
Date
Angela Baggett
Delivery address not confirme
Hi XXX
My Name is Mike, and i'm the General manager for AdultDating, My Company has been sending you Adult and dating emails the last couple of months.
We've received your request to unsubscribe, and you won't get anymore emails.
Simply click button below or reply to this email as a final step, and we'll take care of the rest.
For every person you refer to buy a new PIN online, you will receive free minutes. You may take advantage of this promotion by completing this form.
PIN Free Dialing lets you make calls without entering the PIN:Click here to find more information.
Speed Dialing lets you make calls without entering the destination number:Click here to find more information.
Now your family member from India can make call from Phone by downloading our app from using same account.
We look forward to serving you.
Regards Support Team
Keep your user info in a secure place as you need it to log into your account.
Click on link below to enter the User Login section at:
Thank you for choosing our Instant Phone Recharge service! Our service provides the best overall value in international phone cards.